Written by Brian Mahabir
HU250
Horror Sample
Iris
	 I live in a small cottage alone near the cemetery with the bright blue Iris bed. When I was young, I use to frolic about amongst Iris beds looking for strange bugs to take home and study. My mother use to say I had beautiful eyes like the Iris flowers I played in. I never really took this as a complement because I’ve always wanted her brown eyes. Because of my blue eyes, I always seemed to jut out in a crowd, like an Iris flower in a field of grass. As I grew older, I began to resent my eyes even further. Two years ago, my pupils began to shrink at an unprecedented rate. My nearfield view began to drop and drop and drop. Over the course of those 2 years my eyesight went from perfect to -10.00. From what little money my mother had, she sent me to the doctors with no luck. All those damn people did was prescribe how bad my eyesight actually was. They even had the audacity to prescribe me glasses. For God’s sake we are too poor to afford any such help! It was hard enough dealing with being the standout but now I can’t even function in society. My mother is growing old and I’m the one that is supposed to take care of her. Broken and depraved, every day I search for a method to make ends meet while living off of what little savings we have left. If only I could get glasses to aid in my plight.
	Today amongst the cold early spring morning, I heard a shackled knocking on the door. I stumbled my way across the biting hard wood floor to the door eyes still closed. I hoped to God it was some angel readying to make this nightmare go away after my years of punishment. I opened the door without question, hands ready to great my beloved hero. My eyes peeled open to see a blurry concoction of blacks and browns centered on the ocean of light blue that was the sky. My mother quickly pushed me aside and welcomed the brown black blob. To my surprise it was my Uncle whom I only met once in my life. From what my mother told me about him, he is a very caring man who seeks to help others at all cost. One found memory my mother told me was that during the winter he would take young homeless orphans into the Catholic Church near the outskirts of the city to protect them from the harsh conditions. In dire situations, he would even cuddle and fondle with them to keep them warm. I guess he no longer has the energy to do that anymore. My uplifting thoughts were interrupted by the smell of leather. He probably is wearing a leather jacket. That would explain the brown and blacks. 
My Uncle spoke, “Hello, Maria, I’ve come help you and your child. Ever since 2 years ago I’ve worked hard trying to get enough money. I finally have enough to buy the child’s ...”
The conversation blurred. I looked up to see 2 prominent brown eyes detail to which I’ve only remembered before my blindness. His eyes were the perfect shade of brown. His pupils shimmered with immense detail amongst ambient blurred color tones around the room. It burned red hot. Its intangibility brought me to tears. Here it was, what I wanted most in the world right in front of me.  
	After the conversation my mother decided to make dinner. In the meantime, I offered to take my Uncle to see the Iris flowers I played with when I was my kid to pass the time. At the garden, my Uncle spoke somberly, “I really pity you, you are a beautiful young child who can…” I plunged my fingers right through his neck slowly with a strong force unbeknownst to even my own ability. His death was painless.
 I shriveled at the delight of my own victory. “With this, I can finally be able to do what I’ve wanted. Thank you Uncle”.  I began to tear at my eyes. I screamed in wretched pain. But I tore. I tore away at my eyes. With every rip of the skin, I relished in my own victory. I ripped my eyelashes. I blotched my pupils. I then was able to stick 4 of my fingers into my eye sockets. The pain began to come in waves of torment. I felt the one strand of the tendon that holds my eye in place. I jammed my fingernail through and cut it jaggedly. Bursting into a fiery pain I have never felt, I grasped my eyes and yanked them out of the socket.
            The slow methodical dripping of my own blood awoke me from my coma. I smiled ear to ear. With a staggering otherworldly force, I ripped my uncle’s eyes and plunged them into my own sockets. Blood dripped across the floor and blood curdling screams could be heard from miles away. I couldn’t tell if they were my own screams, or my uncles. My brain ached and sought refuge as it tried to register the two foreign objects. I could feel my body tense and brace. It wanted these foreign objects out. No. I started punching my stomach. I scrapped my forehead. I bellowed and slapped my face, “I will finally be free!”
Finally, my pupils dilated. “I can see!” I said joyously. I turned to look at the blood splattered Iris’s. Their shimmering blue now turned to a crusted pail brown. I couldn’t wait to tell mother I can see again.

	
	

